The texture resource contains texture image files. Textures are stored as a binary resource within a node. I3S supports the image formats JPEG and PNG, as well as compressed texture formats S3TC and ETC2. The authoring application needs to provide the appropriate texture encoding declaration, using MIME types such as image/jpeg (for JPEG) and image/vnd-ms.dds (for S3TC). Textures should be in RGBA format. The integrated mesh and 3D object profile types support textures. The textures file is a binary resource that contains images to be used as textures for the features in the node. A single texture file contains 1 to n textures for a single specific texture level of detail. It can contain a single texture or multiple individual textures, as part of a texture atlas. Textures are expected in the following formats: 0_0.jpg for JPEG, 0.bin for PNG, 0_0_1.dds for S3TC, and 0_0_2.ktx for ETC2. The texture resource must include either a JPEG or PNG texture file. In 1.6, the size property will give you the width of a texture. In 1.7, the texelCountHint can be used to determine the cost of loading a node as well as for use in texel-resolution based LOD switching. Compressed textures such as S3TC and ETC may contain mipmaps. When compressing textures with mipmaps,  the texture dimensions must 2^n sized and the smallest size allowed is 4x4. The number and volume of textures tends to be the limiting display factor, especially for web and mobile clients.  The format used depends on the use case. For example, a client might choose to consume JPEG in low bandwidth conditions since they are efficient to transmit and widely used. Clients constrained for memory or computing resources might choose to directly consume compressed textures for performance reasons.

## Atlas Usage and Regions

Individual textures should be aggregated into texture atlases (e.g. 2048 x 2048 px). A node can only have one texture. Each individual texture becomes a subtexture.  As with all texture resources, the atlas has to be 2^n sized on both dimensions, where n ranges from 3 until 12.  Width and height do not need to be equal.  Subtextures also need to be 2^n sized with n in range from 3 until 12.  Subtextures with other dimensions can cause border artifacts when filtering or MIP-mapping.  A subtexture can be padded to the nearest greater 2^n size by interpolating or scaling pixels.

Subtexture pixels are identified by the subimageRegion attribute: [umin, vmin, umax, vmax].  Region information is passed to the shader using a separate vertex attribute, which converts a UV vertex coordinate to a UVR coordinate.  R encodes the [umin, vmin, umax, vmax] attribute values into 4 UInt16 values.

## Texture Coordinates

Texture coordinates do not take atlas regions into account directly. They range from 0 to 1 in U and V, except when using the 'repeat' wrapping mode.  In repeat mode, U and V  range from 0 to n, where n is the number of repeats. Repeating textures may repeat vertically, horizontally, or both. The client is expected to use the sub-image region values and the texture coordinates to best handle repeating textures in atlases.
